# DISCLAIMER of 'AIMSICD'
-------------------------

In our world with broken privacy and legal threats, we think this is important:

1. Safety first: WE ARE WHITE HATS. We do NOT code this App to do any harm! Don't hurt us.
   That being said, we already know that government agencies as well as Rohde & Schwarz is
   monitoring progress. It's no secret anymore - so stop gawking, start contributing! ;-)
   
2. Our app is licensed under GPL v3+, but we'd appreciate a hint what you did with our code.
   Instead of just copying our hard work and rebranding it, we'd be much more happy if you
   contribute your improvements and changes via pull requests back to our original codebase.
   You'll find a copy of the current license here (please always include within copies):
   https://github.com/CellularPrivacy/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/blob/master/LICENSE
   
3. This product is meant for educational purposes only. It is, by any means, a Proof-of-Concept (PoC).
   Using our App will not guarantee that you will be shielded against surveillance of any form.
   All content is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. We hereby disclaim all warranties
   and conditions with regard to the content, including but not limited to all implied warranties and
   conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. 
   Don't blame us that our App didn't do anything while you were dancing naked in the middle of a riot.

4. Members of the AIMSICD-Team or anyone else contributing to development of this App will not be
   responsible for bricked devices, dead SD cards, thermonuclear war, or you getting fired because
   the alarm App failed. Please do some research if you have any concerns about features included
   in the product you find here BEFORE using it! YOU are choosing to make these modifications,
   and if you point the finger at us for messing up your device, we will laugh at you.
   
5. Your warranty will be void if you tamper with any part of your device / software. Is it clear now?

6. The country in which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use,
   and/or re-export to another country, of this software. BEFORE using our software, please check
   your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and
   re-export of software like ours, to see if this is permitted. If not, think twice BEFORE using it.
   
7. If you EVER encounter a problem with our project or feel that your intellectual property has been
   hurt or not handled according to its copyrights, please contact us BEFORE suing or discrediting us.
   God made us have a mouth to speak out what bothers us and fingers to write complaints down. Use them!
   
8. This product may contain nuts and / or huge balls. Might kill cute kittens. Batteries not included.
